[CN-1163] Restriction warning on restoring from local backup (#181)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/backup-restore.adoc

    The agent configuration is optional. If you give `restore` under `persistence` and do not pass the agent configuration, Hazelcast Platform Operator
    uses the latest agent version that is compatible with its version.

> WARNING: Local backups are supported to be restored only once.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: You can only use a local backup once to restore a cluster.
```

Author: `note` would fit better, thanks 👍
